Binyamina manual deployment guide (#50)
RegattaData/docs: self-hosted-deployment/manual-deployment-copied-1/regatta-software-modules.mdx

---
title: "RegattaDB Software Modules"
---

RegattaDB consists of six software modules that together form the Regatta database system. Each deployment includes a combination of these modules, distributed across one or more nodes.

### SM – System Manager

System Manager handles the deployment of RegattaDB on all servers. After deployment, it manages both hardware and software resources, executes administrative commands, and coordinates ongoing system operations.

### SNA – System Node Agent

The System Node Agent runs on each node where a Regatta module is deployed and serves as the local execution layer for the System Manager. It is responsible for managing the lifecycle of all RegattaDB modules on that node.

### RDB – Regatta Database

> The RDB module is RegattaDB’s distributed compute engine, responsible for query execution and data processing. It leverages CPU, network, and I/O resources efficiently, and scales by adding additional RDB nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RDB module is RegattaDB’s distributed compute engine, responsible for query execution and data processing. It leverages CPU, network, and I/O resources efficiently, and scales by adding additional RDB modules.
```

### Sequencer

> Coordinates consistency of the distributed transaction between all Regatta components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coordinates consistency of the distributed transactions and snapshots between all RegattaDB modules.
```

### DCM – Database Catalog Manager

> Manages the database catalog which contains all the schema definitions including tables, materialized views and data types, as well as hierarchical schema structures.

Reviewer: I don't think we support materialized views (i.e., custom user views), and we don't support schemas at all, and hierarchical schema structures of course not..
Maybe ask Sivan to help phrase a short paragraph on the DCM
